Preferential vehicle wishing flower pattern preferential vehicle wreck
It's a friendly army , please avoid defeat
Was hit in the ammunition depot Please do not shoot only over shoulder
It seems to have been bombarded in the ammunition vault It seems to have been bombarded by a substitute child
Is it about the extent to which the repair was cut off?
hard
It should have been, but it did not penetrate
Kamasei products and plan near to Oprah team Zhu was repelled the Tama I shake
Unfortunately, it seems to have been played.
Oh main cutting edge usually in It is quite hard armor that was hit by a large Parachimu Kamasei products and plan
Katyusha
Is it okay
There is no parking fur walking car
Let's escape Let's hurry and escape if there is an injured person
You're here to escape Let's escape a direct hit
It was dangerous now It is a close shot Let's guess next
Shofu 2 pilots are all right or the driver's seat
Is it okay or there is no maneuvering injury?
Landing periodically check vehicle burst into flames in the regular vehicle burst into flames confirmatory fuel tank
Ask for rescue Grenade direct hit to enemy vehicles
I was hit by an approach to a pro beach to pop dan
Hit the regular vehicle Hit the regular vehicle one shot regular vehicle Cannonball direct hit Two enemy vehicles ride enemy vehicles in the core
Damage to the enemy vehicle law body to the two wanted core
Application list to pro beach
We hit an enemy vehicle We hit an enemy vehicle One bullet Regular vehicle We hit a shell Cannonball hit Two enemy vehicles Enemy to the core
Hit the vehicle 's method
Damaged the enemy vehicle's policy To the pro beach
Aprich hit enemy vehicle hit
Shells hit regularly on a regular vehicle one series regular vehicle
Enemy vehicle destroyed family tree vehicle attention to Apurichi pattern to hit confirmation professional beach to vehicle
1 Both defeat that was intensified intends confirmation enemy vehicle an enemy vehicle destruction Let's look for the next target
Head to the next goal Destroy enemy vehicles
Continuing is a regular vehicle destroyed confirmation damn good vigilance enemy vehicle
Completely focused on destroying enemy vehicles
Professor Konishi to move to the hula team while vigilant around regular vehicle silence
Paihai's safe and successful enemy vehicles defeat enemy vehicles attention
Find the next goal Regular vehicle
Destroyed the enemy vehicle with nuclear destruction Destroyed for 1 second
Head to the next goal Destroy enemy vehicles
Continue warning hom regular vehicle destruction confirmation
The enemy vehicle was completely focused . The regular vehicle was destroyed.
Professor today the movement while wary of the surrounding regular vehicle silence in Pula team
2 people want to ride Chokutama confirmation enemy vehicle safely Shinachiko enemy vehicle 2 people Jimoto Station hit a regular vehicle of Paihai
It gave the damage to the enemy vehicle method body to the core
Hit the enemy vehicle to the warp ー Main station station hit bullet check to regular vehicles
Let's damage to the policy of the hit confirmation enemy vehicle to the technique of regular vehicle
Hit the enemy vehicle to hit the hit pop Hit to the regular vehicle Confirm the enemy vehicle Two enemies who want to ride the enemy vehicle
It gave the damage to the vehicle body method
4 confirmed the landing to hit this station hit a regular vehicle to enemy vehicle in powder
Damaged the enemy vehicle's policy to hit the method of regular vehicles
In the enemy car to hit the enemy vehicle to hit the bullet bullets on the regular vehicle hit a bullet bullet Confirm the enemy vehicle to the two core
Damaged the regular vehicle law
pop It seems to have been hit by the sound engine which has been hit by the engine
I fire a confirmation to the fire does not increase high-output engine to engine
Speed ​​down the garden
Engine wreck in a hurry to smash the engine wreck
Hurry up and let the engine wreck be completely immobile
The engine has been restored.
Let's go ahead and fire fire digestion please
In a hurry digestion Please is a fire extinguishing
It looks like the fire has dyed today Digestion completed
It seems to have been able to be saved safely Confirmed a shot to the fuel tank
It seems that the fuel tank was hit, and a fuel leak has occurred
The fuel tank seems to be damaged . It is necessary to repair the fuel tank
Ammunition was hit on the policy to lower the accuracy rate
Let's hurry from the bullet repair to the policy We confirmed one bullet to the policy
It seems to have been hit to the policy of repair It is a policy damage
Impossible to fire policy damage can not be fired
Policy completely broken
Emergency repair of policy please complete repair completed
Policy repair completion system is falling but shooting is possible
No problem Sorry I was injured
All right
You do not have a No loading hand injury problem
Loading hand is okay or loaded hand
There is no problem It seems to have been bombarded with a radio
The radio has a fault Please repair
Check the bombed communication with the radio
It seems to have been hit by the radio 2
Are there any new types of injuries ?
There is no problem with communication
Let's go all over the tank whole stage
Hit observation apparatus damage the good luck to Kupi bo 2 Uda Jun'umayu Frau observation apparatus
The visibility will be reduced to the day of the observation device
It is a boy's design It is a poor visibility I was bombarded by a repair unobservation device of the observation device
I can not grasp the observation equipment attention external situation
Please repair the observation equipment wreck
Observing equipment during the downturn four times for one stage of observing equipment
Repair completed The repair of the observation device is over
Observing equipment is recovering Target acquisition
Check in not only the goals were thin target
We lost sight of the target lost enemy vehicle
Hurry Let's strengthen the vigilance goal loss search operation
OK I will change the goal OK
Hurry up the enemy again Confirm the first round of the track party
It seems to have been hit by the track Confirmed the damage of the track
Is it possible to repair it? It is a pattern that was hit by the crawler Let's avoid the first bullet of the crawler belt as much as possible
Good withdrawal
Completely destroyed Can not move Track destruction
It is impossible to move It is impossible to move Let's hurry repair of the amount
Track breakage does not move b Let's hurry repair of Thailand
It is good if it is followed by a car
Want Adige fuel hair loss Gina Li let's recovery starting
I want to say that I have recovered.
Track Completed Recovery Track Repair Completed Track Repair Completed
Crawler recovery departure Let's recover the crawler Repair completed
I can move the track completely restored track recovery completed
Track repair completed Response damaged
Hmm
The turning speed is falling The turret turning system is damaged.
Gun turret swing system with turret swing system
旋回 旋回 砲 砲 旋回 旋回 旋回
Let's hurry for repairs The turret swinger has been wrecked
Repair Hurry up Complete turret turret repair
Number
It is possible last time adjustment of the turret swivel has been completed
It's too bad I'm sorry I've been defeated
Let's put the art in the city and it was destroyed
It is a white grouper, is it white skin or it is disappointing
This time we're losing It is a porch tour with a porch no boiler tour